Web Proxy to Bypass school, university and office firewalls. Facebook, Youtube, gmail unblocker
Sitenable Web Proxy

              Free Web proxy Service
            ♥ DONATE ♥

        Checkout our new android app to access all content without any restrictions!!

          This is our free web proxy running glype software.
      Please enter the url / site you want to browse. This proxy hides your ip.
      So when you visit the target website, they will see only our web server's IP address.
      Not all of the site support proxy servers.
      Some websites have complex mechanisms to block proxy users.
      You can browse those sites by stripping the javascripts from them.
      Use the Remove Scripts option to view such websites.
      As for the software we are running on, it  is Glype.
      Which is the most popular proxy software to date.
      It has complex mechanisms to render all webpages, even if they are fully made in AJAX.
      

          We do a good job in protecting you privacy by not logging information on what you browse and which site you visit.
      
Enter Url to Browse
   [options]
Encrypt URLEncrypt PageAllow CookiesRemove Page TitlesRemove ScriptsRemove Objects
Proxy Options Explained
Encrypt Url:Encrypts the URL of the page you are viewing so that it does not contain the target site in plaintext.
Encrypt Page:Helps avoid filters by encrypting the page before sending it and decrypting it with javascript once received.
Allow Cookies:Cookies may be required on interactive websites (especially where you need to log in) but advertisers also use cookies to track your browsing habits.
Remove Scripts:Remove scripts to protect your anonymity and speed up page loads. However, not all sites will provide an HTML-only alternative. (Recommended).
Remove Objects:You can decrease page load times by removing unnecessary Flash, Java and other objects. If not removed, these may also compromise your anonymity.

        But to get great deal of privacy protection VPN is the only way. In our opinion VPN offers an excellent choice for users who can afford such a service.
        All VPN tunnels routes the traffic through different computers and mangles you ip address so the website you are visiting will never
        know you ip address. All of the traffic is encrypted so neither your ISP / any firewall can block you.
      
How to Use? 
      Please follow the direction in the image. Just click the "GO" button once you have entered your desired url
      
Video Sites Supported

          The following video sites / tubes are fully supported through our proxies
      
Site
Desktop
Mobile

                Youtube
              
Supported
Supported

                Dailymotion
              
Supported
Supported

                Vimeo
              
Supported
Supported

                Youmaker
              
Supported
Supported
Censorship in Schools

      Many schools have policies of restricting website access on their network.
      Most of them have explicit content / rich media that consumes large amount of bandwidth.
      Some schools even restrict access to social media sites and oneclick filehosters like
      mediafire/rapidhsare/depositefiles, esp., sites / networks that might land them in trouble
      if you use such sites. Using webproxies can shield them as the responsibility shifts from
      them to the web proxies.
      
The Tor Network
Apart from Public proxy servers, web proxy servers and VPN's there is an opensource project called the
      TOR network for protecting you privacy. Tor network tunnels your internet traffic through chain of nodes.
      When you use the tor network you ip is not known to the target webserver. But researchers have found way to
      unwind these hidden ips if you use bittorent clients on the network. So if you use tor for only http / web browsing
      you ip and privacy are protected to a graeat deal. Tor encrypts all the traffic from your computer till the exit
       node. All of your traffic seems to originate from the exit node hence making it hard for traffic analyzers and
       censors to track you ip address. All tor's secret services hosted on .onion tld are available through our service.
      
Censorship In Countries

      Like in U.S.A / Europe, anonymity is not always gauaranteed by law.
      In some countries like china, burma and Korea, all citizens are exntensively monitored
      and internet freedom is next to nil.
      Almost all middle east countries apply some sort of censorship like banning ips / website domains.
      This type of censorship is quite common. You can use web proxies to beat such censorship.
      
      Feb 01 2021 22:00:58 GMT.
      
Our Servers

        Our servers are located in Canada, Singapore, London and Amsterdam. We have configured our servers for high redundancy and availability. So there will be minimum downtime and we are running our servers on premium bandwidth. Currently we are employing 10 servers to feed you proxy needs.
        The domains we are running on are
      
Sitenable.com
Freeanimesonline.com
Filesdownloader.com
All of these are hosted with high availbility and very reliable service providers like DigitalOcean, Leaseweb and OVH. We highly recommend you to use chrome as your browser. It works best with our sites.
FB
Home
DONATE
Edit Browser
Manage Cookies
Premium VPN
Disclaimer
Firefox Plugin
Chrome Plugin
Chrome Plugin

          Contact Us
        
 
